c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\AppSISAC.exe.config
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\AppSISAC.exe
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\AppSISAC.pdb
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\SISAC.DATOS.dll
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\SISAC.NEGOCIO.dll
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\SISAC.DATOS.pdb
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\SISAC.NEGOCIO.pdb
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.exe
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.pdb
c:\users\yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\ObjectListView.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\ObjectListView.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.Formulario.FrmCompania.resources
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.Formulario.FrmMenu.resources
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SlnSISAC\AppSISAC\obj\Debug\AppSISAC.Formulario.FrmPersonal.resources
